Right now, we do not use a direct representation in a simulator,
but we are working on lidar models.
There are lidar models that you can actually get.
You would just then represent it as
those individual beams in the sensor model in a simulator,
and you can do ray tracing in real-time
with the lidar using GPUs.
Then get a very accurate point,
get the point Cloud,
based on however you represent your environment,
because the environment in the simulator is also only an approximation in terms of
reflectivity and whatever the material properties of surfaces are.
But that can be done and we are actually working on it because it makes
the simulation much more
useful because then you don't have to make that many assumptions.